what's going on guys chameleon here
today got some more god of war 3
gameplay and uh this isn't one of the
legit bosses like he's not one of the
gods where you have to go through some
crazy ten minute battle but this guy is
a pain in the ass it took me a good
amount of tries to beat him so there's
three stages to this boss battle and for
the first part just use your weapons
don't do any magic or the rage of Sparta
just keep hacking away at them as just
using l1 and just hitting square it's my
favorite move in the game he was all the
time but um that's mainly because he's
going to be spitting these dogs out and
they explode when they come near you so
by doing that you're going to be hitting
the main service and you're going to be
killing those stupid little dogs around
you too so just keep that up and once
you do enough damage you just cut off
one of his heads but unfortunately he
still got two more heads to go so for
this stage of the boss battle I suggest
just using all your magic just go all
out and hopefully by now you guys have
upgraded your blades of exile so when
you call your magic and whatever you can
keep tapping circle and all these arrows
which is rain down and do extra damage
it's really helpful so if you guys
haven't done that definitely try to do
that but once you do enough damage you
cut off the second head and there's one
head left and this is a pretty tough I
almost died here I use my range of
spider right away I try to ignore those
other ninja demons whatever
you want to call because those guys are
tough to fight so I'm just focusing on
the main servers and I come pretty close
to dying again I died a bunch of times
trying to beat this guy so once you do
enough damage though just go grab them
cut off the final head and I was kind of
happy at this part because I go the
battles over but you still got to finish
off the other guys so always just
holding l1 hitting circle time I was
almost dead I don't want to take any
chances I won't have to go through this
whole thing again just like my chin to
try probably so I call my magic and
there's one guy left and I just kind of
stay far away and just like try to take
him out but he still gets me because
these guys block lot there quick so it's
tough to you know avoid all their
attacks but when you take care of him
battle is over and that's it see you
guys later peace